=head1 NAME

CatalystX::Example::IOC::Blog - Demo app for Bread::Board

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is an example Catalyst application to demonstrate the usage of
Bread::Board. It requires getting Catalyst from the repository, using the
gsoc_breadboard branch.

Here's how it's gonna work:

=over 4

=item * The posts are made in the filesystem

=item * It will use only one templating system (Kolon)

=item * No comments or authentication will be implemented

=item * There will only be categories (no tags for now)

=item * There will be posts and pages

=item * There will be themes

=back

The goal is to demonstrate Bread::Board. New features to demonstrate include:

=over 4

=item * 'Block' components

=item * Non-Catalyst classes as components

=item * Different lifecycles for each components

=item * Interdependent components

=item * Components usable outside Catalyst (scripts)

=item * Customize container

=back

=head2 Components

The models and views we could have for this application are:

=head3 View Render

=over 4

=item Lifecycle: Singleton

=item Depends on: Nothing

=item Type: Default

=back

Generate static page, using the theme files and the post / page itself.

It's default, it won't be included in the Container.

=head3 View LoadFile

=over 4

=item Lifecycle: Normal

=item Depends on: Nothing

=item Type: Block

=back

Get the post file.

=head3 View Static

=over 4

=item Lifecycle: Singleton

=item Depends on: Nothing

=item Type: Default

=back

Get static page, previously saved.

=head3 Model RenderToStatic

=over 4

=item Lifecycle: Normal

=item Depends on: View Render

=item Type: Block

=back

Renders using the view Render, and saves the result as a static (compiled) HTML
file.

=head3 Model Metadata

=over 4

=item Lifecycle: Normal

=item Depends on: Nothing

=item Type: Class

=back

This model will list categories, list all posts in a category and list all
posts in all categories. It will also save metadata about the site if
necessary.

=head3 Model Build

=over 4

=item Lifecycle: Normal

=item Depends on: model Metadata, model Static

=item Type: Class

=back

This model will [re]build the entire site.

=head2 Usage outside Catalyst

We will install a version of this app connected to a git repository with the
posts. We will then write a hook for git in shell script, calling the
application and building the entire website using a method in the Posts model.
